.TH projman 1 "2004-10-14" "logilab projman"

.SH NAME 
.B projman
 \- tool for project management and diagrams creation

.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B projman 
[
.I command
] [
.I options
] [
.I FILES ...
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Projman is a tool for project management and diagrams creation, as
Gantt diagram and resources activities diagram. It includes lots of
functionnalties as conversion format between some softs, planning of
project's tasks, diagrams generation and finally special views for
call tenders utilities.  All different format and output are XML
files.

The list of the functionalities is printed by calling 'projman'
without arguments.

.SH COMMANDS

  projman -d (--diagram)
    to generate diagrams (resources, gantt, etc.)
    ex: projman -d --diagram-type=gantt projman.xml image.png

  projman -s (--schedule, --plan)
    to schedule project
    ex:  projman -s -I projman.xml schedule.xml

  projman -x (--xml-view, --xml-doc)
    to generate xml views (list, cost , date)
    ex: projman -x -v cost projman.xml view.xml
    
  projman -V (--version)
    display version of installed projman

  projman -h (-H, --help)
    to get more help

.SH OPTIONS
.SS Diagram
.SP
  --diagram-type
    specifies the type of diagram to generate
    REQUIRED
    * resources
    * gantt
    * gantt-resources (resources displayed as summary)

  --selected-resource
    specifies the id of the resource to take in account for resources diagrams
    [default=all resources]

  --renderer 
    specifies the output renderering for resources diagram 
    use only with schedule input
    * [png]
    * html (bugs)

  --depth
    specifies the depth to visualisate for diagrams
    [default=0, this means all the tree]

  --timestep
    timeline increment in days for diagram
    [default=1]

  --view-begin
    begin date for diagram view (yyyy/mm/dd)
    [default=date begin project]

  --view-end
    end date for diagram view (yyyy/mm/dd)
    [default=date end project]

.SS XML-View
.SP
  -v; --view
    Specify the type of view generated
    * [cost]: Table with task, load, resources, cost
    * list: List of all tasks
    * date: Table with task, begin date, end date, cost.

  -f; --format
    set output format.
    * [docbook]: respectful of format dockbook 4.2.
    * html: NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
    * csv: NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
     
  --display-cost
    Add global cost of project at the end of the view

  --display-duration
    Add global duration of project at the end of the view
    
  --display-rates
    Add daily rates for each resources working on project

.SS Schedule
.SP
  -I; --include-references
    input file will be modified to include references to 
    produced schedules
"
.SH SEE ALSO 
http://www.logilab.org/projects/projman/

.SH COPYRIGHT 
(c) 2004 Logilab. General Public Licence.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify 
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published 
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, 
or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, 
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the 
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software 
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, 
MA 02111-1307 USA.

.SH BUGS 
Full listing at http://intranet.logilab.fr/jpl/view?rql=728

.SH AUTHOR 
Logilab <contact@logilab.fr>
